Hey Mitsuru and Takeba, you wanna join us walking Koromaru to the shrine? Everyone else is already outside waiting.

Oh Thanks for the offer Akihiko, but me and Yukari here will wait here for Makoto to get back home.

Yea, we got a few things we need to discuss, so we wont be coming today,

Well good luck with whatever it is, we'll be back soon anyways. See ya 

Goodbye Akihiko, 

yea see ya

Mitsuru, just for now, let's call a truce, the only person we should against right now is not each other, but our
son of a bitch leader!

You're right Yukari, I believe we've matured enough to know who the real perpetrator is... 

You hear that?

That overly loud emo music? yes i think he's gonna come through the door any second now...

What the fuck!? Makoto! Are you just gonna walk past without saying hello!?

I'm tired, check my status

You're Tired!? How the fuck does that make it ok to not even greet us!

Makoto! I think we need to have a long conversation before you're even allowed to leave this fucking room!

Ok... Before Yukari and I bring up what we wanted to discuss... Is there anything you want to get off your chest?
Considering that Me and Yukari are both here in this room!?!

No not really..

Nothing?

Naaa..

Ok Mitsuru, Before I clock this retard in the face, would you like to start the discussion.

Certainly Yukari, It has come to our attention that you have been engaged in a intimate relationship with the
both of us. Again, I wan't to be reasonable here and give you a chance to explain, so I'll
ask again, do you have anything you want to say for yourself?!

I needed to max out your arcana social link's so i can fuse stronger personas

Are you shitting me? What the absolute fuck are you talking about, arcanas? fusing personas?
were not in tartarus and this isn't a game you idiot!

Believe me, before we go to tartarus I go to a place between realms called the velvet room through a door only I can see, then
A man with a long nose and bulging eyes and his hot as fuck assistant 
takes my personas and fuses them for an even stronger one according to the depth of my relationships. 

I'm not sure if i should be pissed or worried at that explanation!
What the fuck have you been smoking before you came in the dorm because i need some of that shit right now! 
Weed? DMT? Fentanyl? Crack? Meth?

Yukari please, I understand your frustration and not even I buy this shitty excuse of a justification, 
but let's hear him out one more time. Makoto, you're not fucking with us right now are you? because I'm seriously
losing my patience here, why are you going out with both me and Yukari at the same time!?

There's no option for a platonic route in Persona 3 Fez

Ok... Yukari he's fucking with us, get my sabre and a cross, i'm going to crucify this son of a bitch and hang him in front of
the dorm.

What a good idea Mitsuru! I'm glad we can finally come to terms on one thing, which is making sure this motherfucker
experiences the worst possible pain a human can experience!

Yes, as member's of Sees and victims of our leader's womanizing, we need to stick together if want to make sure this asshole is never able 
to touch his cock with his hands ever again

Oh speaking of cocks, i say we take turns with my bow, taking shots and see who can hit his dick first!

Oh Tres Bein Yukari, I didn't know you had that girl boss energy inside of you, I think we'll make a great team today.

Yea, actually... I can really feel a strong bond growing between us...

...

...

Is this the Yuri event where you two start kissing in front of me

Shut the fuck up!
Shut the fuck up!

Ok before we turn you into the next symbolic christian martyr, i'm curious, If you had to choose between Me and Mitsuru who would you choose?

yes i'm also curious, just mind that whatever you say won't change our decision of turning you into the next crucified messiah on the streets

...Aigis

Aigis?!
Aigis?!

You called?

What the fuck!?!
What the fuck?!?!

When did you arrive!

Well, when i heard my partner for life call out my name, i rushed back as fast as i could!
Did i mention that we have often get undressed and have steamy robot sex

Aigis please shut the fuck up you sex bot i don't wan't to hear anymore!

Makoto how could you! Did our intimate cooking sessions mean nothing to you? Especially that one
time after cooking you picked me up and pinned me on the -

Not you too Fuuka! please both of you slags shut the fuck up before i lose my mind!

Ok at this point i'm not even suprised you fucked a robot, and fuuka

hehe

Heyyyy! what do you mean by that Mitsuru?!

But answer me truthfully, how many girls do you have a relationship with right now!

6

J - Holy shit dude, I didn't know being an aloof depressed emo could get you so many bitches.

Aki - I don't think that's how it works Junpei...

Koromaru - Bark

Oh great now everyone's back

This truly has gotten out of hand

ken - I'm out of my depth here... i think i'm just gonna take Koromaru upstairs.

Shinjiro - Haha! stay here Ken! This is the funniest shit i've ever seen, funnier than when Mitsuru and Yukari were arguing over a 
stupid fucking cheesecake yesterday.

Junpei - Im with Shinji senpai! man! Watching hoes cat fight is the best thing ever!

Aki - Shinji! Junpei!... let's just give them their space, I have to admit this is definitely entertaining to watch, even if it means 
missing some hours training, but i don't wan't to be on the receiving end of Mitsuru's long, and girthy, steel sword.

Thank you Akihiko, i'm not sure why you worded your last sentence like that... but please can the rest of you give us a girls a moment with Makoto.

Koromaru - Bark

Ken - ok then...

Shinjiro - Yea whatever

Junpei - Akihiko you're such a boner killer... but Ok...

Akihiko - junpei im gonna ignore that sus ass comment, lets just leave them be.

----

OK, back to where we left off

Yea guys please carry on! i've got my popcorn ready!

Huh where the fuck did you come from Kotone, this isn't a stupid k-drama you know! 

i've been here the whole time, and you're right, this is even better than a K Drama!

wait don't tell me you're dating him too?

Oh hell no... no offensive makoto but you're not my type, 

none taken

But i would usually go for literally anyone else, and especially young boys like ken~

Ok wayyy too much information we absolutely did NOT need to know, 

let's move on and ignore kotone's here for now. 

Before we start engaging in a drawn out argument with each other filled with jealousy, slut shaming and unnecessary digs, 
can i suggest a solution to everything? Why don't we all agree to a polyamorous relationship with my husband- i mean Makoto?

Fuuka did you do something to Aygis, because i don't remember her having a spewing shit function!?

Oh sorry, I did actually tweak her software a bit, i might of forgot to update her system. 
But listen to this, Aygis is basically an alexa now! Hey Aygis!

Yes Fuuka?

What's the weather tommorow?

Tomorrow's weather is expected to be partly cloudy with a high of 75 degrees Fahrenheit and a low of 58 degrees. 
There is a 20% chance of rain

oh thats actually pretty cool

I know right?! she can actually do alot more if you want to try it out

Yukari, Fuuka, Aygis, I hope you all haven't forgetten about the situation we're in right now?!?

oh yea, sorry, we still have to discuss what to do with our no dick home wrecker in front us don't we?!

fuuka - In all honesty, i agree with Aygis, i'm actually fine with a polyamorous relationship, I trust our leader
will be able to give us enough time and affection for all of us as he as already been doing, 
and as long as makoto agrees to keep eating my food I have no issues!

i agree

fuuka - see guys, this can work out!

You're joking right? Don't agree just because no one on this god forsaken earth would willingly  
put your disgusting ass food in their mouth 
 
Heyy that's really mean Yukari!

ok sorry Fuuka that was too far, but come on, how could you devalue yourself so much over some food? you're better than this!
I mean how will you be able emotionally handle seeing him with other girls all the time?

I'm with Yukari, the emotional baggage in a polyamorous relationship is too much for most people, even me
It'll be very difficult to not experience any jealousy or insecurities throughout the relationship

aigis - Well from my analysis, we can offset those drawbacks by having open and honest communication about each other's
needs, we're all close team members here so it shouldn't be an issue considering all that we've already been through already.

I see where you're coming from Aygis, but personally, and I know this is a selfish reason. as a prominent member of the Kirijo
Group, It would bring much negative attention and legal troubles to the company because of the social stigma of being involved in a 
relationship like this

aigis - How about this then, everyone that agrees with my idea stays in a relationship with Makoto, and the rest of you bitches 
can stay out of our business! Then everyone's Happy!

What the Shit!!! Hell No! How is that even fair? what the fuck happened to your empathy module Aygis? Did Makoto take it out
so he could install the Stupid Sex Bot processor unit instead? (yes) The fairest outcome is if He chooses right here and now the
one girl he would go out with! and the rest of us will just have to accept it...

fuuka - Yukari stop being a rude and stubborn bitch! I know you're just against it because of how much of a whore your Mum is!

What the ABSOLUTE FUCK DID YOU SAY TO ME FUUKA! Don't you fucking call my mum a whore you ugly dork 
she has nothing to do with this! Do you want me to start mentioning that one time I caught you watching gay porn 
with the two dudes with massive dragon cocks boning each other in the ass?

Fuuka - Fuck you Yukari! you said you would never tell anyone about that! This is why everyone calls you a bitch, bitchkari!

Aigis - Bitchkari!

Ok that's it! gloves off for everyone! Fuuka you fucking dorky, cringy discord mod! Take your ye ye ass haircut and Go sit down on 
the sofa and let us women figure this out ok!?!?!
And you aigis, don't get me started, you better get your stupid mechanical, rusty, no vagina having ass out of this dorm and into
a scrap heap before I do it myself!

Yukari! calm the fuck down! It wasn't right of Fuuka and Aigis to start ganging up on you like that, but right now you're just
as bad as them so please!

Yukari - Stay out of this! do you want to repeat what happened last time you whore!

Fuuka - Yea Mitsuru! you whore! didn't I hear you had sex with the teachers so you could become the
president of the student council!

Aigis - I also recall that information as well

...Look, first of all that rumour is fake news and-

Kotone - Personally Mitsuru... I wouldn't take that, I mean they're all slandering you as a person and basically saying that 
you can't achieve anything in life without using your body.. But you do you i guess...

...Ok all of you, pack your things, and leave this fucking dorm right now before I raise an executive order for the Kirijo special
forces to come down and forcefully throw you all into the oceans you sluts! All of you are just leeches to the company, who do you think pays for the bills and food around here?! It would be a 
huge burden off my back if all of you fucking slags just left the country and never came back

Yukari - Oh here comes the slut shaming and the use of force, Mitsuru you act just like a retarded gorilla you know what?
A very insecure and weak one too, relying on your family name to get shit done, and did I mention that I was the one that 
actually started that rumour? Yea thats right!

Fuuka - All of you are such bullies! Why does everyone bring up my looks and my haircut, out of everyone here I'm the cutest one
and the most innocent, so you bitches have no chance against me if Makoto we're to choose who he would want to be with!
Whores! Whores! Whores! Whores! Whores! Whores! 

Aigis - I got a new forgis on the jeep! I trap untill the, bloody bottoms are underneath!

Makoto - Everyone!

Aigis, Fuuka, Yukari Mitsuru - WHAT?!

Let's have a democratic vote, it's going to be the only way to stop this argument...

Kotone - oooo good idea! 

Mitsuru - I can't believe we're actually doing this...

Kotone - everyone that's against the polyamorous relationship say eye!

Yukari Mitsuru - eye

Makoto - and everyone for it

Kotone Fuuka Aigis - aye!

Kotone - well it's 3 against 2, so that means it's official, Makoto get's his harem yaaay!

Fuuka Aigis - Yaay!

Yukari - Kotone why the fuck does your vote count!? Ok actually fuck this, i'm tired of everything, i'm just gonna
roll a fat blunt with my cali pack and watch netflix, Mitsuru wanna join?

Mitsuru - gladly Yukari, fuck this, all i need is some weed right now, let's go.

Aigis - So, Makoto, wanna have a threesome with me and Fuuka right now in the living room?

Na, i'm tired, i'm gonna go sleep.

Kotone - oh classic sigma male makoto!

Aigis Kotone Fuuka - hahahahahahahahahahahaha




































