Oh Thanks for the offer Akihiko, but me and Yukari will wait here for Makoto to get back home.

Goodbye Akihiko, 

Yukari, just for one second, can you not act like a stuck up bitch?

Look. I don't enjoy this as much as you think I do. every time I look at you i want to take my hands
and crush your fucking skull, but you dont see me doing that.

Yes... I agree.

You hear that?

Makoto! I think we need to have a long conversation before you're even allowed to leave this fucking room!

Ok... Before Yukari and I bring up what we wanted to discuss... Is there anything you wan't to get off your chest?
Considering that Me and Yukari are both here in this room!?!

Certainly Yukari, It has come to our attention that you have been engaged in a intimate relationship with the
both of us. Again, I wan't to be reasonable here and give you a chance to explain, so I'll
ask again, do you have anything you want to say for yourself?!

Yukari please, I understand your frustration and not even I buy this shitty excuse of a justification, 
but let's hear him out one more time. Makoto, you're not fucking with us right now are you? because I'm seriously
losing my patience here, why are you going out with both me and Yukari at the same time!?

Ok... Yukari he's fucking with us, get my sabre and a cross, i'm going to crucify this son of a bitch and hang him in front of
the dorm.

Yes, as member's of Sees and victims of our leader's womanizing, we need to stick together if want to make sure this asshole is never able 
to touch his cock with his hands ever again

Oh Très Bien Yukari, I didn't know you had that girl boss energy inside of you! I think we'll make a great team today.

Shut the fuck up!

yes i'm also curious, just mind that whatever you say won't change our decision of turning you into the next crucified messiah on the streets

Aigis?!

What the fuck?!?!

Ok at this point i'm not even surprised you fucked a robot and fuuka

But answer me truthfully, how many girls do you have a relationship with right now!

This truly has gotten out of hand

Thank you Akihiko, i'm not sure why you worded your last sentence like that... but please can the rest of you please give us girls a moment with Makoto?

wait don't tell me you're dating him too?

let's move on and ignore kotone's here for now. 

Yukari, Fuuka, Aygis, I hope you all haven't forgetten about the situation we're in right now?!?

I'm with Yukari, the emotional baggage in a polyamorous relationship is too much for most people, even me
It'll be very difficult to not experience any jealousy or insecurities throughout the relationship

I see where you're coming from Aygis, but personally, and I know this is a selfish reason. as a prominent member of the Kirijo
Group, It would bring much negative attention and legal troubles to the company because of the social stigma of being involved in a 
relationship like this

Yukari! calm the fuck down! It wasn't right of Fuuka and Aigis to start ganging up on you like that, but right now you're just
as bad as them so please!

...Look, first of all that rumour is fake news and-

...Ok all of you, pack your things, and leave this fucking dorm right now before I raise an executive order for the Kirijo special
forces to come down and forcefully throw you all into the oceans you sluts! All of you are just leeches to the company, who do you think pays for the bills and food around here?! It would be a 
huge burden off my back if all of you fucking slags just left the country and never came back

I can't believe we're actually doing this...

eye

gladly Yukari, fuck this, all i need is some weed right now, let's go.


