Yea, we got a few things we need to discuss... so we wont be coming today.

yea, see ya senpai!

Mitsuru... let's call a truce from now on, the only person we should be against right now is not each other, but our
son of a bitch leader!

oh Bestie!! Slay!

That overly loud emo music? yes i think he's gonna come through the "door" any second now...

How did he change the music of the room like that... WAIT, What the fuck!? 
Makoto! Are you just gonna walk past without saying hello!?

You're Tired!? How the fuck does that make it ok to not even greet us!

Nothing?!

Ok!... Mitsuru, Before I clock this retard in the face, would you like to start the discussion?

What thee FUCK?! Are you shitting me? What are you talking about! arcanas? fusing personas?
were not in tartarus you dumbass!

I'm not sure if i should be pissed or worried at that explanation?!
What the fuck have you been smoking before you came in the dorm because i need some of that shit right now! 
Weed? DMT? Fentanyl? Crack? Meth?

What a good idea Mitsuru! I'm glad we can finally come to terms on one thing, which is making sure this motherfucker
experiences the worst possible pain a human can experience!

Oh speaking of cocks, i say we take turns with my bow, taking shots and see who can hit his dick first!

Yea, actually... I can feel a really strong bond growing between us...

Shut the fuck up!

Aygis?!

When did you arrive!

Aygis please shut the fuck up you sex bot i don't want to hear anymore, why did you even bring that up!

Not you too Fuuka! please both of you slags shut the fuck up before i lose my mind!

Oh great now everyone's back...

Huh? where the fuck did you come from Kotone, isn't this Persona 3 Fez right now? this isn't a stupid k-drama you know! 

Ok! wayyy too much information, we absolutely did NOT need to know!

Fuuka, did you do something to Aygis? because i don't remember her having a spewing shit function!?

oh, that's actually pretty cool!

oh yea, sorry, we still have to discuss what to do with our no dick home wrecker in front us don't we?!

You're joking right? Don't agree just because no one on this god forsaken earth would willingly  
put your disgusting ass food in their mouth.

ok sorry Fuuka that was too far, but come on, how could you devalue yourself so much? you're better than this!
I mean how will you be able emotionally handle seeing him with other girls all the time? Us girls need to have some
more self-respect and not let this shithead get away with everything!

What the Shit!!! Hell No! How is that even fair!? what the fuck happened to your empathy module Aygis? Did Makoto take it out
so he could install the Stupid Sex Bot processor unit instead? Look, The fairest outcome is if He chooses right here and now 
one girl to go out with! and the rest of us will just have to accept it...

What the ABSOLUTE FUCK DID YOU SAY TO ME FUUKA! Don't you fucking call my mum a whore you ugly dork 
she has nothing to do with this! Do you want me to start mentioning that one time I caught you watching gay scalie porn 
with the two dragons with massive cocks boning each other in the ass?

Ok that's it! gloves off for everyone! Fuuka you fucking dorky, cringy discord mod! Take your ye ye ass haircut and go sit down on 
the sofa and let us women figure this out ok!?!?!
And you aigis, don't get me started! You better get your stupid mechanical, rusty, no vagina having ass out of this dorm and into
a scrap heap before I do it myself!!!

Stay out of this! do you want to repeat what happened last time you whore!

Oh here comes the slut shaming and the use of force, Mitsuru you act just like a retarded gorilla you know that?
A very insecure and weak one too, relying on your family name to get shit done, and did I mention that I was the one that 
actually started that rumour? Yea thats right!

WHAT?!

eye

Kotone why the fuck does your vote count!? Ok actually fuck this, i'm tired of everything, i'm just gonna
roll a fat blunt with my cali pack and watch some netflix, Mitsuru wanna join?