(kotones video clip from last episode)

Y - And then i was like, ew what the fuck, get your ugly ass out of my face
you disgusting incel! dont you fucking ask me out for a date ever again!

M - Nice one yukari! What a savage girl boss move! how dare these smelly virgins think
they have the permission to even talk to us, let alone ask us out for dinner! 

A - I see.. So this is what i say to a boy when they muster the courage to sincerely confess their love for me?

M - Oh absolutely Aigis! you need to shut down their hopes and dreams so 
    they never try that shit again! you give them an ounce of attention
    and they think you want to marry them and bare their kids!

Y - Honestly Mitsuru! i swear eveytime i ask a guy for a pen. they think i want to give them Them sucky fucky gluck gluck behind the
    school later!

A - Understood! I will do a 'savage girl boss move' and KILL anyone that asks me out for lunch in school!

M - woah what the fuck, that is not what we said to do at all Aigis

Y - Uhh mitsuru, what the fuck, theres 2 guys beating on your car!

M - Oh fuck i see them! what has this town become! filthy criminals everywhere...
    the police cant do their fucking job properly!
    stay here you two i'll handle this!

M - Hands up NOW! you fucking criminals! This gun is loaded and i know how to use it! Back away from the car NOW!

A - Woah Mitsuru what the fuck calm down! Its me and shinji! where did you even get that gun??!

M - Oh sorry, its only you two, well Akihiko as a single queen out on the streets i have to make sure...
    wait hold on why the fuck are YOU two trying to break in my car?

S - Look long story short Kotone is in there and we need to drag her hoe ass out!

M - but I don't see anyone in there!

A - How can you not see her shes right..., aw theres no fucking way she slipped away like that again!

S - Nice one mitsuru! you just had to distract us and cause a scene out of nothing didn't you?

M - Me? Causing the scene? How are you two blaming this on me? YOU WE'RE THE ONES FUCKING POUNDING
    ON MY CAR WINDOW IN THE MIDDLE OF THE STREET!

A - CALM DOWN WE DIDNT KNOW IT WAS YOUR CAR, Kotone ran away after we exposed her cheating ass and--

M - shut up! I coudlnt give two donkey shits about this stupid little love triangle going on between you guys and Kotone! God you
    two are so lucky you looked japanese, i would of shot your asses on the spot!

S - Woah what the fuck? what are you trying to say here? If that we had different skin colour you would of killed us?

M - Hey that is not what im saying! I just said that if you maybe had a darker complexion, I would of thought you were immigrants 
    trying to steal my car radio again, then i would of been forced to shoot!

A - Holy shit.. you're fucking racist Mitsuru! 

M - I AM NOT RACIST AKIHIKO! I am merely being cautious of the troubles these aliens bring to our country! do you think these scum
    that come to japan on their inflataable boats from wish.com go on to become upstanding working citizens? 
    Of course NOT!, they dont have any papers or money, so they cant get a job and start stealing and pillaging from
    us, the hard working citizens of this great country!

A - That is fucking racist you bitch! not every person thats not japanese is going to be a fucking criminal!
    how long have you been cooped up in that private mansion of yours? because clearly you have no clue 
    how hard it is to live without a maid wiping your ass every time you shit!
    They dont come here because their a bunch of savage raping vikings! but to find work and help support 
    their families!

M - Akihiko I dont want to hear it from you! when the fuck did you become a twitter social justice warrior? Didn't you
    start randomly attacking the homeless, drug addcits, women, kids and even fucking dogs all because of your 'training'!

A - Atleast I dont hold back my punches and treat someone diffrently jjust because of ther race, gender, class, age and species!
    everyone is entitled to Ceaser's double knuckle sandwich special with extra beef and siracha sauce
    to the skull!

S - Ok akihiko we need to have a serious talk about this back home, but firstly Mitsuru you racist bitch! 
    Aihiko's right A majority of these immigrants come here to find jobs!
    These hard working people come and help with our labour shortage in 'this great country', you cant blame the actions of
    a few on the rest of the good ones! we should be grateful for them!

M - Grateful? To them? Please don't make me laugh! Cologne, Germany, 2015 new year's eve, between the central railway station and the city's cathedral,
    there were widespread reports of theft and sexual assaults against women, the Perpetrators were of mainly Arab or North African appearance and 
    is speculated that they were recent immigrants or asylum seekers. Many women were left traumatised and there was widespread public outrage!
    This is the obvious result of carelessly allowing immigrants into a developed country! 
    These men are savages and dont know how to act! I can easily end up a victim myself if i didnt always carry this gun on me!

A - Ok what the fuck how does she know all this?

S - I have no fucking clue but didnt her voice change?

A - Oh yea nnow that youve mentioned it! Wait hold on mitsuru stop talking for a second!

M - What is it? This is all true information i got from chatgpt so you can go fact check me if you want!

A - No not that! but your voice sounds different than it did before? have you not noticed?

M - I don't know what you mean I sound the exact same as i've always had...

S - No I've noticed it too! Huh, for some reason i thought your old voice was your original voice..

M - Ok just shut the fuck up both of you! Are you trying to gaslight me Just 
    because i ben shapiroed your asses with facts and knowledge?

S - What the fuck does that even mean? 

Y - Holy fuck what are you guys arguing about?

A - It seems that they are arguing over the fact that Mitsuru has racially motivated views, but Mitsuru next time please 
    bring me to the next armed confrontation, i am more than capable putting several holes in any fucking 
    criminal that poses a threat to me or the members of sees!

S - holy fuck you guys need to fix aigis software because that is scary as fuck

M - Yukari! Aigis! Didn't I say to stay there until i resolved this problem? 

Y - Uhh mitsuru you've been gone for 5 minutes and i've just been watching you across the road argue with Akihiko and Shinji senpai about
    what? being a fucking racist!

M - Oh not you too bestie! are you calling me racist too?

Y - Mitsuru look, i don't fucking care about you being racist or whatever, 
    if everythings fine can we go home already my feet are sore and we've been walking all day!

S - wow what a suprise bitchkari complaining about something!

Y - Shinji senpai, what the fuck did you just say? becuase i hope for the sake of keeping your balls intact
    you didnt say what i think you said!

A - Bithkari! fuck i mean Yukari! can you please just leave us alone for a second, i dont want mitsuru leaving this thinking
    she won this argument because she remebered a specific event that happened in Germany!

Y - bitchkari? bitch fucking kari? Thats it IVE fucking HAD IT! HOLD ME BACK MITSURU BEFORE I FUCKING KNIFE THEIR TINY BALLS OFF AND FEED THEM
    TO KOROMARU IF THESE SMALL DICK ASSHOLES DONT SAY SORRY TO ME RIGHT NOW

A - Alert! my sensors have detected that bitchkari has been activated
    
M - oh fuck, nice one guys you woke up bitchkari! if you're plan was to keep us here untill the sun went down you did a good job!

A - Yukari wait! i- i didn't mean it! please calm down! I cant waste anymore time here not training back in my room!

S - Why the fuck are you apologising? if anything BITICHKARI over here should be on her knees begging for us to not pick her up and  
    throw her into a woodchipper!

Y - SHINJI SENPAI YOU FUCKING EMO ASS LOOKING COWBOY!
    YOU BETTER throw YOUR RAGGEDY WACK ASS DUTCHCOAT!
    NOT THE GOAT!
    DICK DOWN YOUR THROAT!
    with your Borrowed beanie!
    you Depressed meanie!
    Spat a sad verse as if it had meaning!
    called it power!
    always mumbling speak louder!!
    go eat some chowder!
    down a cliff!
    'welcome to summoners rift'
    cant even car drift!
    dumbass onto a fire 
    liar liar pants on fire!
    before I 
    take mitsurus gun 
    pop a cap on your red crayon!
    no one to pray on!
    looking ass!

    (sped up)
    (red)
    (sound effects)
    (bass boosted)

S - i- i, just wow, This has to be the 5th time in my life ive wanted to summon my persona with a real gun, fuck...

A - Yukari how the fuck can you roast shinji like that! for fucks sake im going have to go around the dumpsters looking for
    him again after this arnt i

M - holy shit bestie SLAY! now that was a Power woman moment! i hope you took notes Aigis!

A - Now that was A poggers victory royale yukari!

Y - phew, now thats done with!, mitsuru can we go home now

A - Wait hold on! 

M - What, you still want to continue this fight you're clearly losing?

A - can uhh... me and shinji get a ride too, I think shinji is stuck frozen hes not moving a muscle after getting sent to
    the shadow realm...

M - So let me get this straight, you're asking to bum a ride off me after banging on my car, denting my door, 
    calling me a racist bitch then started gaslighting me about my voice and got roasted to the nether realm by yukari??

A - umm, yes? 

M - Ok, well I'll see you two at the dorm later, goodbye!

Y - Get fucked senpais! see ya!

Aigis - Goodbye you two! get fucked!

A - those fucking Whores!

A + M + Y - HAHAHA hahahaha

M - Aigis, you still got that reefa we picked up earlier?

A - oh Yes yukari san! ive got this loud ass fuck gas station weed stinking in the bag, want me to roll a blunt now?

Y - Oh yes please Aigis! WOw Fuuka out did herself giving aigis the blunt rolling function!

M - Wait gas station weed? Yukari surely we could of picked up some cali instead? That shit could be laced!

Y - Trust me bestie, this shit is gas! I took one puff of it and i woke up in the dorm toilet with the joint still
    in my hand and my wallet missing! This will get us stoned for cheap!

M - Money isnt the problem here! and you need to stop smoking weed if shit like that happening is a good thing for you
    , but anyways The issue is that if i end up smoking that blunt and 
    i start having a rat poison induced seizure, Im gonna
    lose control and drive us off the cliff!

A - Mitsuru there is no need to worry, I have already analysed this marijuana and it is indeed some top tier gas!

M - Well if Aigis says so... roll that shit lets get this blunt rotation going!

Y - Hell yea mitsuru! You done Aigis? Pass it to me I'll light it up right now!

Y - OH FUCK yea thats some top dank alright! Here Mitsuru.

M - Thanks Yukari, 

M - OH THATS GOOD, i didn't know you had access to weed like this!

Y - Ha, this is just standard, i'll bring some real shit next time!

M - If this is standard, then you better bring that top shelf exotic next time! here Aigis take a hit

A - Thank you! 

Y - wait aigis, can you even smoke weed, can robots get high?

A - well no, but i look cool!

M - just let her hit it, she got rollers rights to that weed, she can hit it as many times as she wants. 

Y - I just wanted to say, i love you guys! even you aigis i dont fucking care about Makoto anymore, i'M
    just gonna focus on myself and keep hanging out with you all

M - oh I love you too Yukari! Fuck that shrimp dicked emo boy! god he's so fucking hot though...

A - THanks yukari! I love you too! but No Homo!

M - Oh shit the police! Quickly get rid of that blunt I need to pull over!

Y - huh the police? wait fuck! I'm not prepared for this Im so fucking high right now, fuck why does this shit always happen
    when i smoke the loudest chronic!

A - Yukari pass me the blunt, I'll dispose of it immediately!

Y - Ok here just get it away from me, get rid of that blunt now, this is fucking killing my high!

M - Wait Aigis, did you just fucking eat it?

A - After a quick calculation, this was the most effective way to quote on quote, get rid of that blunt!

Y - Oh fuck fuck fuck hes coming to the door now !

M - Everyone shut your fucking mouths and dont say a thing unless he asks you directly! I'll take
    care of it

Officer Kurosawa - hey there, oh its you...

M - oh hello officer Kurosawa, how do you do on this fine afternoon

Officer- yep im just fine miss.kirijo, anyways, do you know why i pulled you over?

M - No i dont officer, could you please tell me why you pulled me over today?

offcer - well firstly, the fact that your car reeks of marijuana, and you havent told me
        about that gun on your waist

M - ok first off, i have no idea what you are talking about, do you guys smell any weed?

A + U - Nope

M - see? and also this is my envoker to summon my persona as you already know, so its not actually loaded
    
Officer- um ok, you know im not stupid, ive been an officer for the past 15 years and admittely this car stinks
    of the loudest wacky tobacky you can find on the streets

Y - Oh thanks Officer, acutally I picked it up from-

M - YUKARI SHUT THE FUCK UP!, err sorry about that officer, yukari over here just got back from the dentist, you know
    how drugged up they get after an operation, im sure your used to handeling drugged up people on the streets so you understand.

A - But mitsuru, we didnt go to the dentist, we came straight form the shrine

M _ AIGIS SHUT THE FUCKING FUCK UP NOW!, oh err, for aigis here she fell on her head earlier so her language and memory
    modules are a bit damaged right now

O - rightttt, yep i totallly belive you dont worry about, 
    so do you want to explain that 'evoker' of yours then?
    because it looks really similar to a glock 19.

M - well, uh, this is a new model of the evoker, still under classified research and development, 
    im not suprised you havent seen it yet.

O - uh huh, well i guess we'll also ignore the fact i literally sell you kids weapons and armour from
    my police station so i know a thinkg or two about that gun you have on your belt

m - ah, well yes i suppose

O - ok look im just gonna cut to the chase, i pulled you over because you were travelling 100 in a 60 road, and now
    that i have probable cause i can search you car and i gurantee with the evidence here the court will charge you all with
    speeding, Driving under the influence, possesion of cannabis and poessesion of an unlicensed firearm, for a grand total
    of 25 years in jail.

O - but, i can overlook this, if you give me something that might make me turn the other way if you get what i mean

M - Oh, why i certainly understand what you're suggesting officer, i guess ill go back to your car, and 
    you know, give you the sucky fucky gluck gluck?

O - eww wait, no that is not at all what i was suggestring

M - oh eh wait its not

O - No, god Hell no, youre not even 18 yet, and i have a wife and kids, so just no, eww

M - oh ubhh, well, s-soory about that, i err just misunderstoood things

o - God i meant money! what the hell is wrong with you kids these days.. look i dont get paid enough taking care
    of all the lost in the city and for the amount of bullcrap i have to put up with you all, but if you 
    slide me 40,000 yen, we can be on our ways

M - woah, wait, 40,000 yen, isnt that more than 10 percent of your monthly wage, its not my fault the government
    dosent pay you enough for the shit job you do! Just earlier my car was attacked and there was no police officer
    in sight to handle the situation!

Y - Mitsuru just give him the FUCKING MONEY RIGHT NOW OR ILL PACKGOD YOUR ASS BACK INTO YOUR MOTHERS WOMB!

M - ok here officer, i even added some extra on top

O - why thank you miss.kirijo, well you are all free to go, please drive resposibily and folow the speed limit at all times

M - thank you officer kurosawa, have a good day

O - and to you all. goodbye

Y - umm what was that

M - what? the fact i successfully evaded 25 years of non stop lesbian gang rape in prison?

Y - NO THE FACT THAT YOU TRIED TO USE YOUR FUCKING BODY TO BRIBE OFFICER KUROSAWA AFTER REPEATEDLY LYING ABOUT NOT
    HAVING SEX WITH THE TEACHERS!!

M - YUKARI I DONT WANT TO FUCKING HEAR IT FROM YOU FUCKING SLAG, SHUT THE FUCK UP RIGHT NOW! DO YOU WANT ME TO TURN THIS CAR AROUND RIGHT Now
    AND SNITCH ON YOUR ASS HUH? IM PRETTY SURE IT WAS YOU WHO BOUGHT THAT WEED WITH YOUR MONEY?

Y - YOU STUPID WHORE! YOUR ASS IS GONNA GET VIOLATED EVEN MORE LONGER THAN MINE, HAS YOUR RETARDED ASS FORGETTON ABOUT THAT GUN YOU
 HAVE? OH YEA AND YOU ALSO ILLEGALLY PULLED OUT AND THREATEN AKIHIKO AND SHINJI SENPAI WITH, SHOULD I TELL THE POLICE ABOUT
 THAT TOO WHILE YOUR BUSY SNITCHING ON ME?

M - OH MY GOD NO WONDER EVERYONE CALLS YOU BITCHKARI, ALWAYS BRINGING UP THE PAST LIKE A TRUE BITCH! FIRST YOU EAT MY CHEESECAKE
    LIKE THE FAT BITCH YOU ARE AND HERE YOU ARE BEING AN UNGRATEFUL LITTLE SHIT AFTER I, MITSURU KIRIJO SAVED YOU STINKY BLUE CHEESE
    LOOKING PUSSY FROM 25 FUCKING YEARS OF prison

Y - YOU DID JUST NOT CALL FAT DID YOU! OK MITSURU THATS IT IM GOING TOO

A - mitsuru look out! youre going to drive off the cliff!

M - huh OH SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT

Y + M + A - AHHAHAHAHAHA

M - holy fuck! is everyone ok

Y - oh fuck, yea i think im ok, aigis

A - im still ok too!

M - how the fuck did we all live that, we literally fell 100 feet!

Y - yea i really hope that the car dosent blow up after 5 seconds after the crash, that would be sooo cliche

M - ok yukari why the fuck did you try to jinx it like that?

Y - oh, i actually thought it was gonna explode, sorry nevermind

A - well guys, ive learnt somethign today,

M - how the fuck did you even calculate a moral lesson from all of this

A - and its that - car explodes

ending plays















Yukari and Mitsuru in car and aigis

Weed

police

get stopped

funny moment for bribery and sex misunderstanding

Yukari is like wtf didnt you say not to use youer body??

argument

they drive home