(tik tok noises)

Haha that was a funny ass tik tok! i gotta send that to Yuka-tan!

(knock knock) 
Hey Junpei? How long are you gonna take... i need to take a shower as soon as I can

Oh senpai? hold up give me a sec, just finishing up

please can you hurry, i went without pissing the whole day (Challenge random strangers to arm-wrestling matches and keep a running tally of his victories.
Take a detour to the local gym for an impromptu workout session with anyone who looks like they could use a personal trainer.
Visit the nearest pharmacy to stock up on protein powder and vitamins while debating the merits of various supplements with the staff.
Run laps around the school building, occasionally stopping to do push-ups or pull-ups on the nearest sturdy object.
Raid the local convenience store for every energy drink and protein bar in stock, completely clearing out their inventory.
Swing by the park for some intense shadow boxing practice, inadvertently scaring away pigeons and passersby.
Visit a local karaoke bar to belt out workout-themed songs, turning the establishment into an impromptu training session.
Stop by the arcade to challenge people to a round of the most physically demanding games, such as Dance Dance Revolution or the punching machine.
Take a quick jog through a crowded area while offering unsolicited fitness advice to anyone who makes eye contact.
Finally, return to the dorm with an assortment of gym equipment, ready to give the other dorm members an impromptu workout session whether they want it or not)

What the fuck? you did all those things after school? are you sure you aint on crack senpai?

Just open the fucking door.

(zipper noise)
Ah man! That was the best shit in my life, phew that taco bell was no joke

Jesus junpei did you take a dump? 

Don't worry itll be gone soon

(toilet gets blocked)

uhh Akihiko senpai, lets say hypothetically speaking, the toilet got blocked, would you be mad?

Huh, I mean it happens to the best of us so there would be no point getting mad over something you didn't
mean to do i guess, but it better not stink like shit in there

oh thank god! ok well, i blocked the toilet

i guessed that from the way you said that, open the door lets have a look

(door open noise)

Holy shit it fucking stinks! what the fuck have you been eating!

Dude there was a special offer at taco bell today and those crunchwrap supremes fucked my stomach
up good

for fucks sake junpei get some air freshsner right now or everyone in the dorm is gonna smell this shit!

Yo yo! Senpai keep your voice down we dont want to get everyone involved!

Ok OK alright... but you need to lay off the junk food i'm seriously concerned how bad this shit smells

dude you're bugging out, it's not that bad come on, lets just find a way to flush this down

i'll have a look but you owe me after this, 

right, we just need to find a plunger or something and.. wait- what the fuck!

oh my fucking god that is the largest shit i have ever seen in my life!
are you sure this came out of your ass?!! I seriously think you need 
professional help for your (colon) or something because that is NOT normal

Can you stop fucking shouting! I know its a fat smelly shit! Just help me get rid of it

No I'm serious Junpei! That shit is the size of a new born baby, how the fuck did 
this come out of your asshole!?

ok i might of smoked some of yuka-tan's weed earlier and got the munchies, but dude just
stay quiet about this and help me flush this shit down.

(flushing sound effects)

never in my life have i seen so much shit in a toilet bowl...

Ok I GET IT! Junpei did a big fat dump and blocked the toilet, if everyone finds out 
(i'll be scaring the hoes away)

Look do you want me to help you or not! I'd rather be doing anything else but helping you peform
an abortion on your shit baby in the toilet here! So dont start getting mad at me Junpei!

DuDE WHAT DID I SAY ABOUT KEEPING quiet!

What's going on?

Ah for fuck sake, ok makoto can you keep a secret dude?

sure

ok i kinda maybe perhaps blocked the toiler, so uhh can you go get a plunger or something?

no

DUDE please?? ok ok i'll give you 5 bucks and this half used cherry vape deal?

... ok deal

really? 5 bucks and a vape is what convinced you? ok never mind, you can try looking upstairs for a plunger in
the storage closet or something,

ok got it

wow akihiko senpai, i didnt notice because of how much my shit smelt, but damn you are one sweaty,
stinky dude! you smell like shit too!

Shut up junpei! We're in this mess because of you! Fucks sake i would be in the shower already if it wernt for 
you and your fat shit in the toilet

Whats going on here?! What does it reek of shit and sweat in the living room!

Ah fuck the worst person to have come

uhh look Mitsuru, we can uhh explain

yes please explain why my nostrils are being invaded by the most ungodly smells to ever exist!

IT's all Akihikos Fault! He clogged the toilet with his protein shake shit just now after having a sweaty 6 hour training
session!

WHAT THE FUCKING SHIT JUNPEI! You fucking liar! Don't pin this failed shit baby abortion on me! 

Ok both of you shut the fuck up, I'm not in the mood to shout at you two right now.
But clearly there are some discprencices between who is responsible here!




