Ken is that GenShit CringePact! Turn that game off right now it's full of pedophiles!

Sorry Ken, but im still concerned about the reputation this game has with people who are attracted to minors
I mean look at that character you're playing as right now! Thats a fucking 5 year old kid with no shoes!

If i heard anyone else say that above the age of 15 I would be seriously concerned...

Don't accept that invite! it must be one of those kid touchers!

That is such cap, there's no way its an actual girl our age right now.

Ken why the fuck did you say your actual age?

Jesus christ on a cross being stabbed by the romans, that is a pedophile alright! I told you everyone that plays 
this game is a predator, this is the most
fucked up thing i've seen said to a kid, please block this scumbag right now

You two are unhinged for the exact opposite reasons 
holy shit, but Im with akihiko here lets fuck up some kids fiddlers 

yea yea we'll use mitsurus credit card or something.

how the fuck did they know where we live!

You know what I cant even think of a better explanation for this,
lets fuck this shadow up!

Well thats a girl alright, dosent look like a shadow to me

just shout if you start getting molested we'll come out and 
beat her up.

Yea your cupcakes are right here bitch! 

Ok you fucking predator, would you like to take a seat right here or
getting sent to the hospital with 50 fractured bones and a broken face!

I cant beleive kotoneigh was an actual pedo the whole time!

wait, you? in a relationship with her? Kotone i thought we were mutually exclusive! you even went 
out of your way to get my shitty lost watch for me!

well actually at the end of the day its all my fault for keeping
my relationship a secret and not honestly communicating with the rest of team...

na we aint like them, we already know that miscommunication is the biggest
killer between friends, and we could of all done better there.

ah shit, kotoneigh is gone! she fucking got us good!

right behind you bro!

kotoneigh you cheating back stabbing whore! open the door! the longer you stay in there
the harder im gonna pound on this window, if you dont stop listening to that
fucking music i swear i will break this door and drag you out GTA style 
you hear me!