Hey Ken!

Yea, I just came back from beating up the homeless guy outside the dorm, these 
crackheads sure know how to fight when you take their meth off them. He almost got me with his shit-covered knife, but I was able to
give him a nice fucking haymaker to the face! 

Well he did fall head-first on the concrete pavement and I heard his skull cave in on itself, but I'm sure he'll be just fine!

It was self-defence! He was the one that asked me for money first! and besides, it makes for some great training!

Look, Ken, if you don't stop getting on my ass for cleaning up the streets of these drug addicts, I'll 
take that fucking Playstation 2 you're playing on right now and sonic punch it into a million pieces.

Genshin? Actually, I've been meaning to say, what the hell is this game?! All you've been doing is running around
picking up flowers and shit ever since I came in. This looks boring as fuck! Where the hell is the fighting?

Huh, ok I see..., well I guess kids these days don't appreciate games like Battlefield 3 or Slenderman anymore...

Really? nevermind! You're a lot more cultured than I originally thought! 

wait what! Roblox?!

Jesus Junpei stop right there! How the hell can you say that degeneracy to a kid?

Wow... unfiltered internet access for kids is truly the downfall of society...

What the fuck am I even hearing right now... what happened to the times when the only thing sexualised in games
were half naked men with huge, strong muscles in tight spandex wrestling each other, covered in sweat and chest hair.

who the hell says their age and gender in an anime gacha game!

Look Shinji, Ken should keep talking to her, but not for the reason Junpei said becuase that is disgusting!
but if we are able to arrange for Ken to meet with them, we can jump out and beat them to death with our fists,
we can rid the world of one less child molester!

Ken listen to us! there are 3 of us and one of them, I'm pretty sure we can handle them whoever they are.

Ok Ken, say to them to meet up for some cupcakes you baked

Everyone calm down!...
This must be the work of an enemy shadow!
Even more reason to go and perform our duties as members of the
Specialized Extracurricular Execution Squad, which is to brutally
eradicate any shadows that oppose us!

NO JUNPEI! This is clearly an illusion set up by the shadow,
we are gonna beat the shit out of this child predator, 
I don't discriminate based on gender! I'm all for equal rights, equal fights!

KEN YOU ARE STAYING HERE! We need you as bait!
we can land some critical hits after you charm her!

Ok it's time Ken, go and distract her.

What the absolute fucking shit on St peters doorstep is happening right now!
Kotoneigh why the fuck are you here!

Kotoneigh... I really thought we had a special bond, but after seeing you here, I don't
know if I can continue being in a relationship with you anymore...

KEN I thought you hated paedophiles why the fuck are you involved with Kotoneigh?

no Shinji... its my fault, I should of done the same, I thought everyone already
knew but it's always important to not assume things as it often
leads to miscommunication, 

Yea, we can't blame others all the time, you need to be able to recognise
faults in yourself so you can actually make a difference over what you have control over.

wait you're not going anywhere! you're the biggest reason why we're all in
this mess right now!

Hell no there's no way shes getting out of this without an apology! Shinji let's chase her!

where the hell did she get a car from?! Kotoneigh Open the fucking door right now!
how can you leave us like that? You're still just as responsible for everything
you need to come out and apologise right now for going out with all of us!
you sly bitch why the hell did you not say anything to anyone?

