(ken playing genshin)

(akihiko walks in)

Hey Ken

Hey Akihiko Senpai, welcome back, wait why are you covered in blood and sweat, where did you even come from!

Yea I just came back from beating up the homeless guy outside the dorm, these 
crack heads sure know how to fight when you take their meth off them. He almost got me with his shit covered knife, but I was able to
give him a nice haymaker to the face! 

Holy shit... is he dead?

Well he did fall head first on the concrete pavement and I heard his skull cave in on itself, but im sure he'll be just fine!

Akihiko senpai you cant just go around killing homeless people! 

It was self defence! He was the one that asked me for money first! and besides, it makes for some great training!

How is that a justified reason to go Mike Tyson mode on a crack head! And what the hell 
is this training for, the next time another meth addict asks you for money?

Look Ken, if you dont stop getting on my ass for cleaning up the streets of these drug addicts, Ill 
take that Playstation 2 you're playing on right now and sonic punch it into a million pieces

You fucking boomer! its a PS5! whatever, i dont care anymore im just gonna keep playing genshin.

Genshin? Actually, i've been meaning to say, what the hell is this game?! all you've been doing is running around
picking up flowers and shit ever since i came in. This looks boring as fuck! Where the hell is the fighting?

Akihiko you meat head, this is the exploration part of the game, i'm gathering materials to 
upgrade my characters

Huh, ok i see..., well i guess kids these days dont appreciate games like battlefield 3 or slenderman anymore...

Oh actually i've played those games!

Really? nevermind you're alot more cultured than I orginally thought! 

Yea, those are the best games on roblox!

wait what roblox?


Oh shit Ken is that Genshin Impact! Man you even got the Raiden Shogun! That has to be the hottest anime girl to ever
bless our green earth! I could fill 15 jars full of my baby batter just looking at her fat badonkas!

Jesus Junpei stop right there! How the hell can say that degeneracy to a kid!

Akihko Senpai dont worry about me I've heard worst stuff online then what junpei just said

Wow... unfiltered internet access for kids is truly the downfall of society...

Ken is that GenShit CringePact! Turn that game off right now it's full of pedophiles!

All of you shut up and let me play my game! Stop treating me like im a special needs kid! 
Im not retarded Shinji Senpai, i know not to tell anyone my real name, age or location online

Sorry Ken, but im still concerned about the reputation this game has with people who are attracted to minors
I mean look at that character you're playing as right now! Thats a fucking 5 year old kid with no shoes!

Shes a 500 year old god so shes actually very legal, and im a kid too! 

If i heard anyone else say that above the age of 15 I would be seriously concerned

Shinji senpai stop being a dick! The game is full of big booty hot mommies anyways, that enough makes up for all the
sexualised young kids!

What the fuck im i even hearing right now... what happened to the times where the only thing sexualised in games
was half naked men with huge, strong muscles in tight spandex wrestling each other, covered in sweat and chest hair

That is the gayest fucking shit i've ever heard in my life dude!

Oh someone wants to join my world!

Don't accept that invite! it must be one of those kid touchers!

Na ken! accept that shit! IT could be a sexy e girl!

Ok i accepted it!

(Hiiiiiii)
(emote)
(f 17, you?)

well apparently they're a girl aged 17

who the hell says says their age and gender in an anime gacha game

That is such cap, there's no way its an actual girl our age right now

You never know senpai! I think it's time to rizz up some genshin e girls! Hey respond back to her!

(11 M)

Ken why the fuck did you say your actual age?

People on the internet lie all the time, there's no way they'll belive me anyway

(oooooo 11?)
(sexy emote)
(Are your parents home <3)
(do you know what sex is?)

Jesus christ on a cross being stabbed by the romans, that is a pedophile alright! I told you everyone that plays 
this game is a predator, this is the most
fucked up thing i've seen said to a kid, please block this scumbag right now

Hold on dude! Just keep talking to her I wanna see where this goes! How can you cock block
ken like this! If i was him i would wanna tap that 17 year old cheeks, man were where all the 
pedos when i was a kid!

Look Shinji, Ken should keep talking to her, but not for the reason junpei said becuase that is disgusting,
but if we are able to arrange Ken to meet with them, we can jump out and beat them to death with our fists,
we can rid the world of one less child molester

You two are unhinged for the exact opposite reasons 
holy shit, but Im with akihiko here lets fuck up some kids fiddlers 

Fuck you guys! Im not doing any of that shit! I dont want to meet up with a pedophile! 
Thats just asking to get kidnapped in the back of a van and thrown into a basement for the rest of my life
as a sex slave!

Ken listen to us! theres 3 of us and one of them, i'm pretty sure we can handle them whoever they are.

Ok i'll do it.. but you guys owe me some robux after i do this

yea yea we'll use mitsurus credit card or something.

Ok ken, say to them to meet up for some cupcakes you baked

weirdly specific but ok

(cupcakes?)
(Yea lets meet up!)
(You live in Tatsumi Port Island so, 
meet me at the Naganaki Shrine <3)

how the fuck did they know where we live

ok this is fucked

Holy shitting fucking balls man im bugging out, i knew i shouldnt of popped that gas station
edible earlier

Everyone calm down!...
This must be the work of an enemy shadow!
Even more reason to go and perform our duties as members of the
Specialized Extracurricular Execution Squad, which is to brutally
eradicate any shadows that oppose us!

...

You know what I cant even think of a better explanation for this
lets fuck this shadow up

Yea fuck that shadow!
Yea fuck that shadow!

(transition)

Ok i think i see them

Well thats a girl alright, dosent look like a shadow to me

Nice one Ken, looks like you're losing your virignity today young man!

NO JUNPEI! This is clearly an illusion set up by the shadow,
we are gonna beat the shit out of this child predator, 
I dont discriminate based on gender! I'm all for equal rights
equal fights

You two shut up she's gonna hear us!

I dont want to do this! I didnt think she would actually show up!
I wanna go back to the dorm!

KEN YOU ARE STAYING HERE! We need you as bait!
we can land some critical hits after you charm her!

Aw come on! cant let a kid get some pussy before you guys do huh?

Ok its time Ken, go and distract her

just shout if you start getting molested we'll come out and 
beat her up

I hate you guys

Oh hi 

oh hey there! 

You must be Ken2012 from genshin right?

oh yea thats me, are you phem see?

yep thats me! im so happy you rememberd my name!

uhhh no problem i guess

wait you look and sound really familiar... can you 
take off your glasses please

oh sorry! i cant! my eyes are allergic to the sun! its a rare genetic disease
that only affect 0.46% of the population.

oh really, that must be hard living like that

sike! i was just joking! wow you really believed me?

you actually had me for a second thats pretty good phem see!

oh thanks for the compliment Ken! im glad you came here today!
so where are these cupcakes you promised me?

Yea your cupcakes are right here bitch! 

Ive been waiting for this!

Ok you fucking predator, would you like to take a seat right here or
getting sent to the hospital with 50 fractured bones and a broken face!

wait guys isnt that fucking Kotone behind those glasses!

WHat the aboslute fucking shit on st peters doorstep is happening right now!
Kotone why the fuck are you here!

I cant beleive kotone's was an actual pedo the whole time!

No you guys got it all wrong! I was just possessd by a shadow!
I was only just now able to escape its control 
by removing the glasses!

that is the wrost possible alibi i have ever heard! do you
really expect us to beleive that!

Yes

...
...

Kotone... i really thought we had a special bond, but after seeing you here i dont 
know if i can continue being in a relationship with you anymore

wait, you? in a relationship with her? Kotone i thought we were mutually exclusive! you even went 
out of your way to get my lost watch for me!

no Kotone is mine, shes the only one that dosent treat me like a kid everyday!

KEN i thought you hated pedophiles why the fuck are you involved with kotone?

oh shes an exception, shes actually one of those female pedohphiles where
if they're cute enough no one will care

we truly live in a society, and im glad to be living in it!
but seriously guys you all got fucking played by her!

well actually at the end of the day its all my fault for keeping
my relationship a secret and not honestly communicating with the rest of team

no shinji... its my fault, i should of done the same, I thought everyone already
knew already but its always important to not assume things as it oftens
lead to miscommunication 

im really ashamed aswell, im always doing everything i can to act more mature, but
if i was this blinded by pussy, i need to take a long look at myself
and see where i can improve

wow you guys that was actually pretty mature of you all, i expected this to
end like how it did for makoto the other day

na we aint like them hoes, we already know that miscommunication is the biggest
killer between friends, and we could of all done better there

Yea, we cant blame others all time, its important to be able to recognise your
faults in your self so you actaully change what you have control over

Well it looks like you guys have it all under control, thanks again
for saving me from the shadow but i need to go now, see you guys later!

wait you're not going any where! you're the biggest reason why were all in
this mess right now!

oh yea you're right LOL, wait everyone behind you!
is that the naked lovers shadow with B J written on their nipples! 

and a Furious Gigas shadow with huge muscles and a massive crotch buldge!

Akihiko why the fuck did you turn around only when she meantioned the 
muscular shadow!

ah shit you guys kotone is gone! she fucking got us good!

Hell no theres no way shes getting out of this without an apology! Shinji lets chase her!

right behind you bro!

man what the fuck is going, ken lets go home i wanna see you play more genshin!

alright but please stop saying weird shit about the characters i play!

look there she is! shes in the car

where the hell did she get a car from! Kotone Open the fucking door right now!
how can you leave us like that? youre still just as respionsible for everything
you need to come out and apologise right now for going out with all of us!
you sly bitch why the hell did you not say anything to anyone?

Kotone you cheating back stabbing whore! open the door! the longer you stay in there
the harder im gonna pound on this window, if you dont stop listening to that
fucking music i swear i will break this door and drag you out GTA style 
you hear me!

phemsee meme



(arguing otyhe rkotone)







so where are these cupcakes you promised me?

oh uhh sorry 









(meet up with kotone at shrine for cupcakes)
(kotone exposed)
(kotone runs away to car)
(kotone in car meme)


























