Hey Akihiko Senpai, welcome back... wait why are you covered in blood and sweat, where did you even come from!

Holy shit... is he dead?

Akihiko senpai you cant just go around killing homeless people! 

How is that a justified reason to go Mike Tyson mode on a crack head! And what the hell 
is this training for, the next time another meth addict asks you for money?

You fucking boomer! its a PS5! whatever, i dont care, im just gonna keep playing genshin.

Senpai you meat head, this is the exploration part of the game, i'm gathering materials to 
upgrade my characters.

Oh actually i've played those games!

Yea, those are the best games on roblox!

Akihko Senpai dont worry about me I've heard worst stuff online then what Junpei Senpai just said

All of you shut up and let me play my game! Stop treating me like im a special needs kid! 
Im not retarded Shinji Senpai, i know not to tell anyone my real name, age or location online

Shes a 500 year old god so shes actually very legal, and im a kid too! 

Oh someone wants to join my world!

well apparently they're a girl aged 17

People on the internet lie all the time, there's no way they'll belive me anyway.

Fuck you guys! Im not doing any of that shit! I dont want to meet up with a pedophile! 
Thats just asking to get kidnapped in the back of a van and thrown into a basement for the rest of my life
as a sex slave!

Ok i'll do it.. but you guys owe me some robux after i do this

weirdly specific but ok.

ok this is fucked.

Yea fuck that shadow!

Ok i think i see them.

I dont want to do this! I didnt think she would actually show up!
I wanna go back to the dorm!

I hate you guys...

Oh hi.

oh yea thats me, are you phem see?

uhhh... no problem i guess.

wait you look and sound really familiar... can you 
take off your glasses.

oh really, it must be a hard life living like that.

you actually had me for a second, thats pretty good!

No Kotone is mine, shes the only person in the team that doesn't treat me like a kid everyday!

oh shes an exception, shes actually one of those female pedophiles where
if they're cute enough no one will care.

im really ashamed as well, im always doing everything i can to act more mature, but
if i was this blinded by pussy, i need to take a long look at myself
and see where i can improve so we can avoid situations like this.

alright but please stop saying weird shit about the characters i play!








